# l3vels.model.player.Player

## Model Type Info
Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
dict, frozendict.frozendict,  | frozendict.frozendict,  |  | 

### Dictionary Keys
Key | Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**modified_on** | str, datetime,  | str,  | The date when the player was last modified. | value must conform to RFC-3339 date-time
**unique_id** | str,  | str,  | The unique ID of the Player that can be provided by customers or generated by us. | 
**last_seen** | str, datetime,  | str,  | The date when player was active last time | value must conform to RFC-3339 date-time
**avatar** | str,  | str,  | Avatar URL of the player | 
**is_create_wallet** | bool,  | BoolClass,  | Boolean value indicating whether the player has wallet or not | 
**created_by** | str,  | str,  | The Id of the user who created the player. | 
**account_id** | str,  | str,  | The unique identifier of the account that the Player belongs to. | 
**created_on** | str, datetime,  | str,  | The date when the player was created. | value must conform to RFC-3339 date-time
**modified_by** | str,  | str,  | The Id of the user who last modified the player. | 
**name** | str,  | str,  | The name of the player | 
**id** | str,  | str,  | The unique identifier for the Player entity. | 
**[custom_props](#custom_props)** | dict, frozendict.frozendict,  | frozendict.frozendict,  | Custom props for player | 
**email** | str,  | str,  | Email of the player | 
**game_id** | str,  | str,  | The unique identifier of the game that the Player is associated with. This allows developers to organize their players by game and helps with tracking and reporting. Example: Player Jack is associated with game Fortnite. | 
**username** | str,  | str,  | Username of the player | 
**any_string_name** | dict, frozendict.frozendict, str, date, datetime, int, float, bool, decimal.Decimal, None, list, tuple, bytes, io.FileIO, io.BufferedReader | frozendict.frozendict, str, BoolClass, decimal.Decimal, NoneClass, tuple, bytes, FileIO | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

# custom_props

Custom props for player

## Model Type Info
Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
dict, frozendict.frozendict,  | frozendict.frozendict,  | Custom props for player | 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

